Recommend Secure Objects for confidentiality from relays (#1755)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

analysis of content. Track namespace and track name can also be
analyzed and correlated between end subscribers by relays.

Consistent with the principle of confidential operation by default,
content that must not be exposed to relays can be kept confidential by
applying end-to-end object encryption, for example using Secure Objects
({{I-D.ietf-moq-secure-objects}}), so that relays retain access only to

> the metadata required for forwarding.

Reviewer: This feels a bit redundant with the existing two paragraphs below?

Author: Agreed.

Reviewer 2: yes, we already reference secure objects below as well. This section could use some improvement, but more text is not what it needs, so I'm inclined to either do nothing or try to make some tweaks to the existing text?

Reviewer 3: From an IESG review point of view, this text seems  better. This says here is one thing you can do, the other are a bit more like "we punt the problem". 

I think we should take a run and perhaps merging this text and next to remove redudnacy.

analysis of content. Track namespace and track name can also be
analyzed and correlated between end subscribers by relays.

Consistent with the principle of confidential operation by default,

> content that must not be exposed to relays can be kept confidential by
> applying end-to-end object encryption, for example using Secure Objects
> ({{I-D.ietf-moq-secure-objects}}), so that relays retain access only to
> the metadata required for forwarding. Such end-to-end security
> mechanisms are external to this specification and additionally provide
> source authenticity. MOQT's object model enables both the object data
> and Object Properties to be confidentiality and integrity protected, or
> integrity protected only.

Author: ```suggestion
Consistent with the principle of confidential operation by default,
publishers can apply end-to-end object encryption, for example using Secure Objects
({{I-D.ietf-moq-secure-objects}}), so that relays retain access only to
the metadata required for forwarding. Such end-to-end security
mechanisms are external to this specification and additionally provide
source authenticity. MOQT's object model enables both the object data
and Object Properties to be confidentiality and integrity protected, or
integrity protected only.
```
